---
title: "Auxiliary data for SKA"
author: [B. Carry]
date: "2024-12-02"
...

# Templates of asteroid taxonomy
- File **template_mahlke2022.csv**
- From [Mahlke, Carry & Mattei (2022)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2022A&A...665A..26M/abstract)


# Spectrum of Vega
- File **vega_stis.csv**
- From [STSCi CALSPEC](https://www.stsci.edu/hst/instrumentation/reference-data-for-calibration-and-tools/astronomical-catalogs/calspec)
- [Bohlin, Gordon, & Tremblay (2014)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014PASP..126..711B/abstract)
- [Bohlin, Hubeny, & Rauch (2020)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2020AJ....160...21B/abstract)


# Spectrum of the Sun
- File **e490_sun.csv**
- The 2000 ASTM Standard Extraterrestrial Spectrum Reference E-490-00
- [https://www.nrel.gov/grid/solar-resource/spectra-astm-e490.html](https://www.nrel.gov/grid/solar-resource/spectra-astm-e490.html}


## Disclaimer

The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) is operated for the U.S. Department of Energy by the Alliance for Sustainable Energy, LLC ("Alliance"). As such the following rules apply:

## Copyright Status

NREL-authored documents are sponsored by the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract DE-AC36-08GO28308. Accordingly, with respect to such documents, the U.S. Government and others acting on its behalf retain a paid-up nonexclusive, irrevocable world-wide license to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the public, and perform publicly and display publicly, by or on behalf of the Government. Use of documents available from or referenced by this server may be subject to U.S. and foreign Copyright Laws.

## Disclaimer of Endorsement

Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States Government or Alliance. The views and opinions of authors expressed in the available or referenced documents do not necessarily state or reflect those of the United States Government or Alliance.

## Disclaimer of Liability

WITH RESPECT TO INFORMATION FROM THIS SERVER, NEITHER THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT NOR ALLIANCE, NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, MAKES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR ASSUMES ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY SUCH INFORMATION, OR OF ANY APPARATUS, PRODUCT, OR PROCESS DISCLOSED, OR REPRESENTS THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS.

## Data and Software

Access to or use of any data or software made available on this server ("Data") shall impose the following obligations on the user, and use of the Data constitutes user's agreement to these terms. The user is granted the right, without any fee or cost, to use or copy the Data, provided that this entire notice appears in all copies of the Data.  Further, the user agrees to credit the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE)/NREL/ALLIANCE in any publication that results from the use of the Data.  The names DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE, however, may not be used in any advertising or publicity to endorse or promote any products or commercial entities unless specific written permission is obtained from DOE/NREL/ ALLIANCE.  The user also understands that DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE are not obligated to provide the user with any support, consulting, training or assistance of any kind with regard to the use of the Data or to provide the user with any updates, revisions or new versions thereof. DOE, NREL, and ALLIANCE do not guarantee or endorse any results generated by use of the Data, and user is entirely responsible for the results and any reliance on the results or the Data in general.

USER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, AGENTS, AND EMPLOYEES AGAINST ANY CLAIM OR DEMAND, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO USER’S USE OF THE DATA.  THE DATA ARE PROVIDED BY DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE "AS IS," AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL DOE/NREL/ALLIANCE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS ASSOCIATED WITH THE LOSS OF DATA OR PROFITS, THAT MAY RESULT FROM AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS CLAIM THAT ARISES OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE DATA.


